Cielo Camille Alcantara
English Speaking VA

She is a Virtual Assistant with three years of experience as an administrative assistant and two years as a science research analyst, well-prepared to skillfully handle the following tasks:

Project Management 
Report Generation 
Client communication via email & phone 
Social media management & performance tracking 
Virtual Files Organization 
Calendar Coordination


Toolkit: Microsoft Office Suite 
Canva
Photoshop
Illustrator
Asana
G Suite
Google Analytics

Equipment: 2 Monitors & 
Noise-canceling headset 


Cielo is available to start working immediately and looks forward to contributing to your company’s success and helping you achieve your business goals.


Closing Suggestion:
"Ready to contribute immediately and help achieve your goals."
“Ready to begin, [Name] is excited to support your company’s growth."



Notes to improve:
Maybe having her name a bit smaller and justifying the text of her intro.
Will have some revisions on short bio and tasks 
Try removal of Education and Certificate.


Luisa Vic Manggalao
English Speaking VA

Experienced healthcare customer service expert who was responsible for communicating with insurance providers like Blue Cross Blue Shield, Humana Aetna, and Cigna. HIPAA and insurance trained. She is well-prepared to skillfully handle the following tasks:

Collections
Claims
Insurance Coverage Verification
Appeal Writing & Follow-up
Inbound and outbound Calls 
Medical records & documents arrangement
Appointment scheduling

Toolkit:

Epic
Cerner
EFR
EDM
Insurance Web Portals
Noridian
Availity


Equipment:
Noise-canceling headset 

Luisa is ready to contribute to the success of your business. Learn more about her by clicking here: * insert video link*









Cosette Correa
Bilingual English-Spanish VA

Experienced Virtual Assistant specializing in customer service, and also trained in insurance. With strong communication skills in both English and Spanish, she is well-equipped to effectively handle the following tasks:

Bookings & Reservations
Cancellations
Quotations
Customer Communication
Inbound & Outbound calls
Cold Calling
Closing Sales
Suppliers Communication
Email & Schedule management
Interpreting calls 

Toolkit:

CRMs
Cloud-Based Phone Systems
Microsoft Office 
G Suite
Zoom Workplace
MS Teams

Equipment: 2 Monitors & 
Noise-canceling headset 

Cosette is eager to jump in and provide support to your team immediately. To get to know her better, click here to check out her video introduction! *Insert video link*








Sandra Salinas
Bilingual English-Spanish VA


Bilingual Virtual Assistant with strong communication skills in both English and Spanish. With experience providing customer service, and being a sales consultant for home, auto, and health insurance, Sandra can skillfully handle: 

Email & Calendar
Quote Generation
Policy Changes
Mortgage Changes
ACORD Forms
COI Documentation
Cancellation Notices
EZlynx Management
Billing assistance
Commercial Home & Auto

Toolkit:

CRMs
EZlynx
Microsoft Office
Google Suite
Slack
Insurance Agent Portals


Equipment: 2 Monitors & 
Noise-canceling headset 

She is ready to start helping your business grow right away! If you'd like to learn more about her and how she can assist you, click here to watch her video. *Insert video link*








Jill Nicole Cabusora 
English Speaking VA

Tech-savvy Virtual Assistant with strong computer literacy, specializing in customer service, time management, and administrative support. Excited and ready to jump in, Jill is prepared to start handling tasks such as:

Inbound & Outbound Calls
Email & chat support
Order Tracking
Product Return & Replacement
Upsales
Content Moderation
Schedule Optimization 
Performance Report Generation
Workforce Management
Yearly Working Schedule Planification 


Toolkit

Zendesk
Zoho
Microsoft Office
G Suite
Workforce Optimization Systems

Equipment: 2 Monitors & 
Noise-canceling headset 

Jill can begin working with you right away! Want to learn more about her skills and experience? Click here to watch her video and see how she can help. *Insert video link*
